Update master-data-services-add-in-for-microsoft-excel.md (#8252)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/master-data-services/microsoft-excel-add-in/master-data-services-add-in-for-microsoft-excel.md

  
With the [!INCLUDE[ssMDSXLS](../../includes/ssmdsxls-md.md)], you can use Data Quality Services (DQS) to match data before loading it into MDS. This feature helps to prevent duplicate data in MDS.

> [!NOTE]
> Be aware of the following size limitations when interacting with the workbook in MDS Excel add-in.
>

> > - Excel on the web has a payload size limit for requests and responses of 5MB. RichAPI.Error will be thrown if that limit is exceeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Excel on the web has a payload size limit for requests and responses of 5 MB. A `RichAPI.Error` will be thrown if that limit is exceeded.
```
